ignition
========

ignition - CuBox-i and HummingBoard installer

ignition is a complete micro distribution based on buildroot that it's sole intention is to boot on all variants of CuBox-i and HummingBoard and display a GUI on a TV/display connected via the HDMI port.

Once booted it downloads an archive (default from github) which is a gzipped tarball that has a bunch of directories that each represents a possible distribution that can be installed.

Directory structure
===================
Each directory can contain the following -

NAME - Name to be shown (first line on GUI)

DESCRIPTION - The description of the distribution (second line on the GUI)

install.sh - A script that downloads and installs the distribution

icon.png - A 100x100. The icon is best generated by running 'convert <original pic> -resize 100x100 icon.png'

RECOMMENDED - A flag that shows that this OS to be shown on the first GUI (can be added only after making sure that the distrubtion is bullet proof and in a good shape).

CUSTOM0,CUSTOM1,CUSTOM2,CUSTOM3 - Those are flags that can be show to the user (if defined and has the following format) -

bool,bash variable,human readable text

for example - 'true,RESIZE,Resize system partition?'

When the user selects the required operating system he/she will get an optional tick to 'Resize system partition?' with default clicked (true).

If the user selects that field then the install.sh script is called while the environment variable names 'RESIZE' is set to 'true'; indicating to the install script to resize the partition after installation.

Modifying default URL
=====================
The user can modify the default URL where ignition downloads the default gzipped archive. This can be done by editing the file scripts/post-image.sh and modifying the following two lines -

echo "http://www.github.com/SolidRun/ignition-imx6/tarball/master" > ${BINARIES_DIR}/fs/repo.url

echo "SolidRun GitHub - http://www.github.com/SolidRun/ignition-imx6/" >> ${BINARIES_DIR}/fs/repo.url

The first line is the actual URL and the second line (optional) defines a name to be presented to the user in the GUI.

An alternative to changing the repo.url above is by flashing ignition.img, mounting it and then editing the repo.url that is on the micro SD.
